Question #6
A Machine Learning Specialist is using an Amazon SageMaker notebook instance in a private subnet of a corporate VPC. The ML Specialist has important data stored on the Amazon SageMaker notebook instance's Amazon EBS volume, and needs to take a snapshot of that EBS volume. However, the ML Specialist cannot find the Amazon SageMaker notebook instance's EBS volume or Amazon EC2 instance within the VPC.
Why is the ML Specialist not seeing the instance visible in the VPC?

Question #4
A city wants to monitor its air quality to address the consequences of air pollution. A Machine Learning Specialist needs to forecast the air quality in parts per million of contaminates for the next 2 days in the city. As this is a prototype, only daily data from the last year is available.
Which model is MOST likely to provide the best results in Amazon SageMaker?

Question #49
An office security agency conducted a successful pilot using 100 cameras installed at key locations within the main office. Images from the cameras were uploaded to Amazon S3 and tagged using Amazon Rekognition, and the results were stored in Amazon ES. The agency is now looking to expand the pilot into a full production system using thousands of video cameras in its office locations globally. The goal is to identify activities performed by non-employees in real time. Which solution should the agency consider?

Question #25
A company wants to classify user behavior as either fraudulent or normal. Based on internal research, a Machine Learning Specialist would like to build a binary classifier based on two features: age of account and transaction month. The class distribution for these features is illustrated in the figure provided.

Based on this information, which model would have the HIGHEST recall with respect to the fraudulent class?

Question #46
An online reseller has a large, multi-column dataset with one column missing 30% of its data. A Machine Learning Specialist believes that certain columns in the dataset could be used to reconstruct the missing data. Which reconstruction approach should the Specialist use to preserve the integrity of the dataset?

Question #29
An insurance company is developing a new device for vehicles that uses a camera to observe drivers' behavior and alert them when they appear distracted. The company created approximately 10,000 training images in a controlled environment that a Machine Learning Specialist will use to train and evaluate machine learning models.
During the model evaluation, the Specialist notices that the training error rate diminishes faster as the number of epochs increases and the model is not accurately inferring on the unseen test images.
Which of the following should be used to resolve this issue? (Choose two.)

Question #33
A gaming company has launched an online game where people can start playing for free, but they need to pay if they choose to use certain features. The company needs to build an automated system to predict whether or not a new user will become a paid user within 1 year. The company has gathered a labeled dataset from 1 million users.
The training dataset consists of 1,000 positive samples (from users who ended up paying within 1 year) and 999,000 negative samples (from users who did not use any paid features). Each data sample consists of 200 features including user age, device, location, and play patterns.
Using this dataset for training, the Data Science team trained a random forest model that converged with over 99% accuracy on the training set. However, the prediction results on a test dataset were not satisfactory
Which of the following approaches should the Data Science team take to mitigate this issue? (Choose two.)

Question #13
The displayed graph is from a forecasting model for testing a time series.

Considering the graph only, which conclusion should a Machine Learning Specialist make about the behavior of the model?

Question #47
A company is setting up an Amazon SageMaker environment. The corporate data security policy does not allow communication over the internet. How can the company enable the Amazon SageMaker service without enabling direct internet access to Amazon SageMaker notebook instances?

Question #68
An agency collects census information within a country to determine healthcare and social program needs by province and city. The census form collects responses for approximately 500 questions from each citizen. Which combination of algorithms would provide the appropriate insights? (Choose two.)

Question #53
A company's Machine Learning Specialist needs to improve the training speed of a time-series forecasting model using TensorFlow. The training is currently implemented on a single-GPU machine and takes approximately 23 hours to complete. The training needs to be run daily. The model accuracy is acceptable, but the company anticipates a continuous increase in the size of the training data and a need to update the model on an hourly, rather than a daily, basis. The company also wants to minimize coding effort and infrastructure changes. What should the Machine Learning Specialist do to the training solution to allow it to scale for future demand?

Question #11
A Machine Learning Specialist receives customer data for an online shopping website. The data includes demographics, past visits, and locality information. The Specialist must develop a machine learning approach to identify the customer shopping patterns, preferences, and trends to enhance the website for better service and smart recommendations.
Which solution should the Specialist recommend?

Question #74
A Machine Learning team runs its own training algorithm on Amazon SageMaker. The training algorithm requires external assets. The team needs to submit both its own algorithm code and algorithm-specific parameters to Amazon SageMaker. What combination of services should the team use to build a custom algorithm in Amazon SageMaker? (Choose two.)

Question #62
A Data Scientist wants to gain real-time insights into a data stream of GZIP files. Which solution would allow the use of SQL to query the stream with the LEAST latency?

Question #56
A Machine Learning Specialist is preparing data for training on Amazon SageMaker. The Specialist is using one of the SageMaker built-in algorithms for the training. The dataset is stored in .CSV format and is transformed into a numpy.array, which appears to be negatively affecting the speed of the training. What should the Specialist do to optimize the data for training on SageMaker?

Question #74
A Machine Learning team runs its own training algorithm on Amazon SageMaker. The training algorithm requires external assets. The team needs to submit both its own algorithm code and algorithm-specific parameters to Amazon SageMaker. What combination of services should the team use to build a custom algorithm in Amazon SageMaker? (Choose two.)

Question #73
An aircraft engine manufacturing company is measuring 200 performance metrics in a time-series. Engineers want to detect critical manufacturing defects in near-real time during testing. All of the data needs to be stored for offline analysis. What approach would be the MOST effective to perform near-real time defect detection?

Question #58
A Machine Learning Specialist needs to be able to ingest streaming data and store it in Apache Parquet files for exploration and analysis. Which of the following services would both ingest and store this data in the correct format?

Question #13
The displayed graph is from a forecasting model for testing a time series.

Considering the graph only, which conclusion should a Machine Learning Specialist make about the behavior of the model?

